For our second exercise what I'd like you to do is find the email with the most number of words.
So this is after cleaning.
Right.
In this challenge I'd like you to print out the number of words in the longest email that is after cleaning
and stemming and I'd like you to note the longest emails position in the list of cleaned emails.
Also print out the stemmed list of words and the longest e-mail and print out the longest email from
the data data frame I'll give you a few seconds to pause the video and give this a go.
If you want a hint use the length function alien and practice the python list comprehension
hard right.
So here's the solution.
One way to do this is to use a for loop.
Yeah.
Classic.
In this case we would create an empty list C clean email under school lengths which is going to hold
on to the number of characters in each email.
So an empty list is credit with an empty pen square brackets.
And then we write our for loop for sub list in stemmed nested list.
This is where we've stored all our email bodies write.
This is what we can iterate over and check the number of characters and we can check the number of characters
with the alien function so alien parentheses sub list will check for the number of characters.
But what we actually want to do with these number of characters is we want to append them to our empty
list up here as the loop runs.
So it'd be clean email underscore lengths dot append parentheses alien parentheses sub list and then
to closing parentheses let's take a look at what this looks like.
So let's shift enter and then maybe print my clean email lengths what I can see here is that the first
email has 50 characters after stemming an after removing stop once that is the next one has 80 characters.
The next one has ninety two.
So this seems to work.
But one thing we can do is instead of using this for loop we can also do it a minute very Python way
we can use python.
List comprehension.
Write if we want to do it this way we can take our clean email lengths variable and simply set that
equal to the result of the pipe humblest comprehension.
The bit that we want I spend of course is alien parentheses simplest and the for loop would go inside
these parentheses.
So for some list in stemmed nested list this is how we can do it in the python list comprehension way
to print out the number of words in the longest email.
How would we do it.
Well there's a python function for finding the largest value in a list and that's the max.
Function Max clean email lengths will give us the largest value in this list.
In this case the largest value is seven thousand six hundred and sixty one.
This is these are the number of characters in the longest email in terms of where this email is in terms
of its position you would have had to do a little bit of googling right.
You would have had to find the position of this value.
Seven thousand six hundred and sixty one in the clean email lengths list.
So the email position in the list and also the data data frame because they match right is going to
be found at NDP dot org.
Max parentheses clean email lengths so none Pi has a handy handy function called arg.
Max which will give us the location of the largest value in this list.
So figuring this out was the second part of the challenge if you will now.
Now this isn't the only way.
And if you have another favorite way that you solve this problem please share it in the comments below
this lesson and I'd be curious to have read and find out how you solve this problem so let me shift
into to find out where this email is.
It's a position five thousand four hundred and one bringing up the list of words in this email should
be fairly simple.
With all I have to do is feed this value into the square brackets for my stem nested list so NPR dot
art.
Max parentheses clean email lengths will show me what the words are that are in this list.
This is five thousand six hundred all words long now.
What about pulling out the original email from the data frame.
In this case I would use data dot at because I know exactly which document idea where it kind of supply
namely in P dad a hug Max parentheses clean email lengths.
So this is for the row name right row location would be I at.
But row name would be at but we've handily named our roads after integers so we can do that this way
but for the column because we don't want the entire row.
We'll just supply the name of the column after the comma so it'll be a message and this is it.
This is the original email.
After removing the header so you can see it's quite long.
Brilliant.
So I hope you solve this challenge on your own.
And the solution was helpful in comparing your code with with mine in the next lessons.
We're going to go back to working a bit more with our data frames.
I'll see you there.